[BELLS PEALING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[RAIN FALLING]
[KEYS BANG ON COUCH]
[SIGHS]
[WOMAN MOANS]
Hi.
How'd it go?
Lousy.
Got a '63 Thunderbird I
would've sold in a day a year ago.
Now they just wanna
look at the pictures.
Mmm.
You smell nice.
How was your day?
It was great.
We had a big breakthrough
in the Bulgari case.
Really?
Mm-hm.
We found a boot print.
A really good one.
The left heel was worn way down.
Huh.
That's a good lead.
I know.
We found a hair.
A hair, wow.
It's at the lab.
So hopefully by noon
tomorrow, we'll find out his DNA,
what kind of
conditioner he uses,
if he streaks his hair,
if he has dandruff, everything.
Isn't that amazing?
That is amazing.
Those extra men really
paid off. You know, having
Oh, you're just being modest.
Are you coming to bed, baby?
I'm just gonna have a shower.
Don't let me keep you up.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[♪♪♪]
[WOMAN SINGING IN ITALIAN]
Oh, good morning.
Good morning.
And you are Mr...?
Diaz. Miguel Diaz.
And you're here to open a...?
A SEP retirement account.
Terrific.
Oh, it says here
you're already retired.
I am. What was your occupation?
I was a high school
basketball coach.
You must have done
very well for yourself.
What's your name?
Greg.
Greg. Let me
ask you something.
Do you have safe-deposit
boxes here?
Yes, they're housed
in our vault.
In your vault?
It's over 100 years old.
Of course, we've made some
state-of-the-art upgrades since then.
You know, I was once in a
vault while it was being robbed.
That must have been
quite an experience?
[INHALES QUICKLY]
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
That's too oxblood.
What do y'all do?
My husband and I?
Um...
well, he's retired.
Just retired.
It's great. It's, uh...
And I did work
at an art gallery.
And, you know, I love art,
obviously, and paint and...
That's too brown.
I'm sorry.
Do you mind if I...?
Hey, it's your paint.
Okay. Thank you.
WOMAN: May I show
you something specific?
Well, I was looking
for something for my wife.
What is it, a special occasion?
It's our second
third anniversary.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Excuse me.
Hello, Mrs. Diaz,
we were just talking about you.
How'd it go at the bank?
It was easy.
I mean, great.
No, you mean easy.
What?
You're doing recon work
on our anniversary?
Tess.
Let me ask you this:
Where are you now?
Casing a jewelry store.
Well, that's an interesting way
to ease back into society,
which was your idea,
I might add, hmm?
Should I stop painting now?
Listen.
Let's talk about something
really important.
I can't find a restaurant
for tonight.
Well, we'll stay in.
Really?
Mmm.
Great. I'll cook.
No, I'll cook.
You talk.
You want me to talk?
Mm-hm.
Words and everything?
That's what they make
flowers for, you know.
Oh, no, Danny.
What is it?
Tess...
what's wrong?
TESS:
Uh...
There's water in the basement,
and the pilot light is out.
Hang up!
[♪♪♪]
Hello, Tess.
Where is he, Tess?
Where is...
Mr. Diaz?
I want it back, Tess.
I want it all back.
You got it all back
from the insurance company.
I want my money back.
The money that your husband
and his 10 friends
stole from me.
With interest.
A hundred and sixty million
dollars over three years.
That's a lot of vig.
And I want it all back.
He's got two weeks.
You'll never find them.
They're way too smart for you.
Right.
You know, as it turns out...
I'm not the only person in the
world looking for Ocean's 11.
Alright.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Now, I know I'm, uh,
just the groom,
and I'm not supposed
to say anything, make a speech.
But I don't care
what the rules are,
'cause I really wanna
thank my family.
My mom and dad,
my Uncle Gary and Aunt Grace.
Uncle Ted, Aunt Celeste,
and their children,
Denise and Jessica.
Bishop Tom and his wife,
Helen, my neighbor, John,
and his new girlfriend, Tanya.
And all the guys at
Lean Machine, Inc.:
Bobo, Mullethead, Big Sam.
And everyone else
who's just been great
in welcoming Sara
into the family. Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Um... excuse me, everybody.
I'd... just like to...
MAN:
Get up.
Yeah. Get up.
Get up. Get up.
Walk.
I'd like to say a few words
about commitment...
about honor...
about responsibility...
about a very special someone,
and admitting to her...
Get up.
Pull the chair out.
Admitting to her
in front of everybody...
that her wedding...
and that very special
honeymoon trip to Epcot Center...
will have to be postponed.
[MURMURING]
WOMAN:
The photographer.
Jesus, he's just a friend.
You met him at The Mint,
remember?
[SPEAKS CHINESE]
WOMAN: Well, of course I am.
You don't expect me
to embarrass myself
in front of my new friend
by flying commercial?
[MAN SPEAKS CHINESE]
WOMAN:
On a budget?
Excuse me, but who was
the only person
who couldn't get in the door in
the Chinese cell-phone market?
You, with all your connections.
What was that?
[MAN SPEAKS CHINESE]
WOMAN: You know,
he seemed really nice.
And you know it's hard
for guys to be friends with me.
And you do this every time
that I meet someone new.
And you know what?
It's getting really boring.
[RAP MUSIC PLAYING
IN BACKGROUND]
[MAN SPEAKING CHINESE]
MAN: Do you actually
think it's an accident
no one know about my man
Fred "Bud" Kelly?
Sure ain't no accident.
There's only one doggone explanation, and
you lovely ladies know exactly what it is.
I'm gonna tell you what it is.
Conspiracy, collusion,
complicity.
That's all it is.
Let me break it down
like a fraction for you
about my man Fred "Bud" Kelly.
Fred "Bud" Kelly made skates
out of whiskey bottles
at his uncle's farm
in the early 1900s.
That was over there
in Nova Scotia.
And I'm gonna tell you
something else.
You ain't never seen his name
on the Stanley Cup.
You know why that is?
Because that
son of a bitch Jim Crow
took his name
off the history books.
Ouch! You kind of...
BENEDICT: Seems
like every time I see you,
you're playing
the race card, Frank.
Now, why is that?
You can let go of my feet now.
[RAP MUSIC PLAYING]
[BEEPING TONES IN MUSIC]
This don't bother you?
Of course it fucking
bothers me, mate,
but what the fucking
do you want me to do?
Well, it's fucking up.
You can't hear
none of the lyrics.
You can't even get with the beat
with all them
fucking bleeps in it.
If you want a fucking single
on the fucking radio,
this is what you're gonna
have to fuck do.
Well, it's fucking, isn't it?
It's totally fucking!
Fucking right, it's fucking...
[PIANO PLAYING]
What the fuck is that?
Somebody must be in 2.
[CLICK]
[PIANO GETS LOUD]
Oh, fuck!
And you haven't contacted
my father about any of this?
Because, really, I don't
think there's any reason
to involve him...
or my mom.
It's all on you, Linus.
Okay. Good.
[SIGHS]
Good. Because I have
a whole network...
Get out of my car.
Thank you.
MAN: Mr. Bloom?
BLOOM: Yes.
There appears to be a, uh,
slight problem with your card.
Oh, well, yes.
Here.
I'm afraid not, sir.
Why?
Manager said you would
understand. Um, your business
Todd said I would understand?
No. Mr. Benedict.
Mr. Benedict. Mr. B...
Oh, yes.
[LAUGHS] An old
friend, a practical joker.
Tell Mr. Benedict
he's won this round, yes.
Terry Benedict.
[LAUGHS]
Old Terry.
MAN [OVER SPEAKER]: She's
looking at me from across the room.
And she's crazy about me.
I can tell because she's been
staring at me all night long.
So suddenly I just
go up to her, and I grab her.
And I've got her
really close to me.
And her eyes are all fiery.
And, um, my eyes are fiery.
And it's like...
It's electric.
And I say to her, "Mom...
Mother..."
[ONE MAN LAUGHS]
[GASPS]
MAN:
What?
Um...
Thanks for letting me finish.
What can I say?
You're a funny guy.
MAN: Oh, yeah. My friend
Rusty. I'm worried about him.
He owns this hotel
in Los Angeles
losing a lot of money,
and he's got no life.
He's a nice, bright kid,
but he's beating his brains out.
Do you think I could send
something through you,
like, a message to him?
WOMAN:
I read your palm, not his.
MAN: Somebody who could
do that could do very well.
Anything on my health?
My hips are bothering me.
WOMAN:
Please!
This? You couldn't
see this?
WOMAN: After the
second call, I tried knocking,
but he won't open up.
I'll handle it.
I know him.
Jesus Christ, are you
people retarded? MAN:
It says "Do not
disturb"! It's me.
Hey.
Come on in.
Jeez, Topher,
you didn't have to go
all Frankie Muniz on me.
TOPHER: I'm sorry. Rust,
look, I know this is your joint.
I just...
There's this girl.
I love her, man.
I love her,
but she is driving me crazy!
I can't sleep.
I can't work.
I quit the show.
I totally phoned in
that Dennis Quaid movie.
[PHONE RINGS]
I mean, it's like...
WOMAN:
Hello?
God, it's almost like this
Kabbalah crap doesn't even work!
Uh, Rusty... call
for you. WOMAN:
Dude, don't leave.
Yeah?
BENEDICT: I have a message
for Robert Charles Ryan,
soon to be ex-owner
of the Standard Hotel.
You got him.
Last time we spoke,
you hung up on me.
You used some nasty words.
I got sensitive ears, you know.
Well, I admit I was a little
emotional that evening.
Think about that night a lot,
don't you?
I'm surprised to get a call.
I thought I'd be dead before I
heard the sound that killed me.
Well, I've been asked
to show some restraint.
Otherwise, you would've
gone out one morning
to your favorite car,
of all the 17 that you own,
and as soon as
you turned on the ignition...
You got two weeks.
Huh.
FRANK:
Now, you told me
that your wife said
that he called it Ocean's 11.
Now, who decided that?
I'm a private contractor.
It was a collaboration.
That moniker is insulting.
It was one job that we did
together, Yeah, I mean, Danny,
so I don't know where this whole
proprietary stance comes from.
It seems a little possessive.
One could make the argument
that because it was Danny's idea...
Hang on a minute.
We all had our own
areas of expertise.
I mean, without us,
it don't leave your head, mate.
It just hurts, you know,
because it seemed we all agreed
to call it "the Benedict job."
I mean, that's what we called it
when we were doing it.
If you wanted to call it
something else all along then...
Wait, when you have a
problem, who do you go to?
Rusty.
Thanks, Linus. Let's
get back on the topic.
Based on what we stole, plus interest,
how much does everybody owe?
$17.34 million.
Assuming Benedict gives us
prime plus one, which I doubt.
Figure 19 to be safe.
Okay, 19 each.
Anybody got that?
What, you think the stock
market's some great mystery
beyond the realm
of human understanding?
Didn't you see the signs?
I saw the signs.
How much is everybody short?
How much you short?
Uh, fourt-fourteen.
Fourteen.
You spent all but 5 million?
Yeah, I did.
You gonna start with me
in front of everybody?
You don't know what it's like to
create something from scratch,
so just, you know...
Well, with interest,
I'm short 7.
Eight.
I spent about a million, uh,
mostly on talent development.
So that makes it 7 for me.
Boy, the interest just kills you.
I'm light 9.
LIVINGSTON: What's the interest?
REUBEN:
About 6.
Then I owe 6.
REUBEN: How?
LINUS: What?
I've been staying
at my parents'.
I owe 25.
Hotels, man.
Saul?
I haven't spent it all...
but I will.
I'm out, fellas.
As ranking old-timer,
I gotta say...
I just can't do it.
At my age... I think I earned
the right to be selfish.
I wanna thank you all
for the wonderful opportunity.
You're all aces in my book.
But I want the last check
I write... to bounce.
BASHER:
Saul, you having a laugh?
Saul!
[YEN SPEAKS CHINESE]
REUBEN: I can
handle Saul's share.
You don't have to do that.
REUBEN: Who would I
talk to if you were all dead?
That's a good point.
Alright, I owe 10. Amazing?
[SPEAKS CHINESE]
[CHUCKLING]
Yeah, but it's a nice place.
So that comes to...?
REUBEN: Ninety-seven,
give or take.
He didn't find us on his own.
Someone helped him.
REUBEN: Another thief.
LINUS: Well, there is nobody we
know that would violate rule number one.
What we do know is we need a
job. We need a high-paying job.
Well, now we're too hot to
work anywhere in this country.
So we go abroad.
How about we go...?
We're
on the 5:00.
Good. Where are we going?
RUSTY:
Amsterdam.
DANNY:
Amsterdam it is.
Clock's running, guys.
Let's go.
LINUS: I ain't never
been to Amsterdam.
TURK: I hear German
girls are really hot.
Rusty.
Amsterdam?
Yeah.
Don't tell Danny.
LINUS: Hey, Rusty. Rusty.
Sorry, sorry.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Um...
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
What?
Can I...?
Just for a second,
can I talk to you?
What's wrong with you?
I just...
Um, I don't know.
This might not be the...
perfect time or whatever
to talk about it,
Okay. but, uh, I've
been thinking. Um...
I've been doing my homework.
Mmm.
And I'd really like to...
To play a more central role
this time around.
Right.
I feel like I've...
Right. I'm ready
for that, and I...
Way overdue.
I was wondering if I could
maybe come to the meeting
and help you guys negotiate.
Okay.
It's just a sit-down
with Matsui.
Um...
He's got his own language,
this guy.
Look, I watched you and Danny
really closely last time around.
I learned a ton.
Linus... in my professional
opinion, you're not ready.
Okay. Yeah, I mean...
But... But... But...
if you're convinced
you are ready,
I can speak with Danny.
We can make this happen.
But... you gotta be sure.
Um...
You're not sure?
No, I am.
You're sure?
Just, but if I had a
question, I could...
You would call me?
R-right.
Okay.
Anytime.
Alright.
Okay. Awesome.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I almost... I almost wasn't gonna
come over and say anything.
Then I'd still be sleeping.
[LAUGHS]
Thanks, buddy.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
Who's there?
Li... It's...
[KNOCKS]
What? It's... It's Linus.
Is Rusty here?
Rusty...?
Do you know where Rusty is? No.
Um, so have you met Matsui?
Seriously,
what do you think of me
as, uh, you know... In terms
of just leadership potential?
[RINGING]
[♪♪♪]
RUSTY: The fact that we're
unemployable should never enter your mind.
DANNY: Otherwise, you're
wasting your time and his.
RUSTY: And ours.
LINUS: And his.
And don't mention
Benedict unless he does first.
And if he does,
tell him everything.
Right.
Stay on point.
And don't forget the
other thing I told you.
LINUS: About what?
DANNY: About listening.
RUSTY: Just relax. And remember,
we don't get this job, we're dead.
LINUS: Hey, yeah, Rusty, I
tried calling you all of yesterday.
MAN: So finally, she slams her
vodka tonic down on the tray and says:
"Hey, maybe that's why I've
been feeling so warm recently."
[LAUGHS]
Yeah.
So, to business?
RUSTY:
To business.
A doctor who specializes
in skin diseases
will dream he has fallen
asleep in front of the television.
Later, he will wake up
in front of the television
but not remember his dream.
Would you agree?
If all the animals along the
equator were capable of flattery...
then Thanksgiving and Halloween
would fall on the same date.
Mmm.
Yeah. Hey.
Uh-huh.
Mm-hm.
When I was 4 years old...
I watched my mother
kill a spider...
with a tea cozy.
Years later, I realized
it was not a spider.
It was my Uncle Harold.
O, let the sun beat down
upon my face
Stars to fill my dreams
I am a traveler
in both time and space
To be where I have been
LINUS: Is he alright?
Are we alright?
"Kashmir"?
Is that your idea of
making a contribution?
We hadn't even started. We
hadn't even got to the terms yet.
We were this close
to losing that.
Okay, I don't even understand
what happened in there.
What did I say?
You called his niece a
whore. A very cheap one.
What?
She's 7.
Currently confined to bed
with a wicked case of...
No, don't tell
him about it. God!
I'm sorry.
Okay. So, what does
this mean?
It means you stay here.
RUSTY: The mark's
name is van der Woude...
a semi-known, wealthy recluse.
For years, he's claimed
to sell antiques,
but hasn't actually sold one.
DANNY: His store is his
privately-owned home,
which no one ever enters.
But don't let van der Woude's
eccentricity fool you.
The house is extremely
well-protected.
[♪♪♪]
TURK:
What are we after, Danny?
DANNY:
It's a document.
It's a very old,
very valuable document.
VIRGIL:
Yeah, what is it?
REUBEN:
A stock certificate.
The first one ever issued
from the first corporation
on the planet.
The Dutch East India
Trading Company.
It's the only one of its kind.
DANNY: Only one of its kind.
TURK: What's the take?
2.5 million euro.
LIVINGSTON:
Wait. Each?
No.
[MEN GROAN]
Who negotiated this?
Hey, stop. That's a lot of
money to a lot of people.
BASHER:
Are you out of your mind?
If we do one job a week
at that rate,
we won't pay
Benedict off until...
REUBEN:
September, 2005.
Jesus Christ, Danny.
Basher, I hear you,
but it's what's available to us.
And after we pull this job off, Matsui's
gonna throw us another one next week.
It's gonna pay out
10 times this one.
Which will buy us
an extension from Benedict.
BASHER: You hope.
DANNY: I hope.
Now, the good news is that Matsui
gave us the system's master code.
So, what are we waiting for?
RUSTY: Van der Woude to leave.
That's the bad news.
RUSTY: He never leaves.
He's agoraphobic.
He's never been out
of his house ever?
DANNY: Not in 10
years since he moved in.
Doesn't he believe in fresh air?
RUSTY: He opens his
second-floor window.
VIRGIL: What does that mean?
Best time of arrival.
RUSTY:
Means he opens his window.
DANNY: Every night at
1:30 he takes an Ambien
and he puts on
Beethoven's Third.
By the fourth movement,
he's out like a light.
So... we go in at 3 a.m.
LIVINGSTON: Okay, can we tap
into the system from the phone lines?
RUSTY:
Uh-uh. It's a closed-loop system
with two redundant servers locked
in titanium cases next to his bed.
So, hacking in is out.
Look at this.
Alright, simple. Telephone-repair truck,
right, basket up to the second floor.
Telescoping rod
through the window,
tap out the freak's code.
RUSTY: Okay, dumb idea.
One lane, one-way streets...
"Dumb idea."
RUSTY: Alright? Any
stoppage will bring cops.
The outside is covered by five
independently-wired surveillance cameras.
Monitored 24 hours a day
by a security company.
VIRGIL:
He's got five exterior cameras?
Mm-hm.
Man, his guy is a freak.
Super freak.
VIRGIL: What about
going in through the roof?
Two more cameras, pressure
sens... Please don't touch my food.
DANNY: There's a laser
net over the trap door...
TURK: Smoke the freak out.
Yeah.
BASHER: Smoke the freak out.
LINUS: Hey!
TURK: What? Well, do
we have to use that term?
TURK:
What term?
"Freak."
I mean, The National Institute
of Mental Health
estimates that 5.6 percent of
adults develop "agraphoriaphobia."
ALL:
Agoraphobia.
Whatever. I'm just saying,
I mean, do we...?
I don't think we need to be
the kind of organization
that labels people.
BASHER:
Oh, now we're an organization?
What, would you call
Emily Dickinson a freak?
REUBEN: Are you hosting a
telethon we don't know about?
VIRGIL:
Who's Emily Dickinson?
Am I the only one who feels
funny about stealing from a...?
You know, a handicapped guy?
TURK: Well, I don't care.
OTHERS: Hell, yeah.
VIRGIL:
I feel funny about other things.
LIVINGSTON:
Cool.
DANNY:
But...
RUSTY: Yeah?
Right.
LINUS: What?
Ahab with a piggyback.
Livingston?
LIVINGSTON: Yeah,
anything I don't have, I can get.
BASHER: It's done.
LINUS: Ahab with a what?
RUSTY: Boys.
You're making that up. That's...
That whole "Ahab with a
piggyback," that's not real?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
REUBEN: Frank,
come on. Let me in.
How do you think it feels
when you're sitting on the toilet,
and someone's
banging on the door?
I gotta go to the toilet.
Otherwise, I'm gonna shit
on your feet.
Come on, Frank.
[♪♪♪]
[YEN SPEAKING CHINESE]
Show me them specs.
I've been doing this
since I'm 12 years old.
You're micromanaging.
You gotta find people
you can delegate to.
Otherwise, you'll
never have a life.
I don't want a life.
I want the hotel to
run like a hotel should.
Reuben.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Yeah.
Great.
Okay.
Maybe.
Good.
Fantastic.
[BEEP]
Anybody remember that
scene in Miller's Crossing
where John Turturro
begs for his life?
Sure. "Look into
your heart."
I cry every time.
What?
We have no line of sight.
Our only possibility,
the second-floor window.
We're three inches too high.
There's no clear shot,
even with Basher.
In the physical universe we
occupy, it cannot be done.
DANNY: Alright, who
else have you called?
What about the guy
from the Bulgari job?
Nagel. Spoke with him. Anything?
Lot of ideas,
none of them any good.
He's pushing this new
holographic technology.
Really interesting
stuff, though.
He can reproduce anything 3-D.
How about 97 million?
Ah, we're forcing it.
Yeah, we're forcing it.
You know what
we haven't thought of?
What's that?
We turn ourselves in.
What could Benedict
do to us then?
There you go.
Call the cops, tell 'em
we did the Bellagio job.
Put us away for 20 years.
That'd teach him.
I think Tess would stick around.
You look great in jumpsuits.
Hey...
how's the hotel business? Sucks.
How's East Haven?
Sucks.
I don't know.
Can't turn my brain off,
you know. It's me.
We go into some place,
and all I can do
is see the angles.
It's what I do. It's
what I've always done.
I love it.
[SIGHS]
I don't know.
Some sort of weird irony,
you know?
Tess watching me
scratch and itch.
Hey, listen.
You know, the world's
gone nuts and...
[♪♪♪]
FRANK:
What'd you wanna do?
It's not physically attached
to the adjacent buildings.
LIVINGSTON:
The whole house?
We're just raising it slightly.
Schumann did it in '64 in Venice
and '73 in Istanbul.
And he only had a crew of six.
FRANK:
We can't tilt a whole house.
REUBEN: They did it with
the Leaning Tower of Pizza.
Exactly, thank you.
BASHER: It took 300
men over two years to do it.
There's 30 pylons.
We cut 'em, insert the
jacks and crank away.
It's really our best plan, guys,
considering it's our only plan.
FRANK:
Crank for how long?
Like I said, it's our only plan.
[SPEAKS CHINESE]
What?
[REPEATS CHINESE, SLOWER]
Oh, oh, okay, hold on.
Try that.
Number five.
I'm a go.
WOMAN: Master thieves
who practice the long con
live separate lives
as civilians.
They have legitimate jobs
and families,
which make them extremely
difficult to catch.
The greatest thief
of all time was,
without question, Gaspar LeMarc,
who either died
in Portugal in 1988
or in Hong Kong in 1996.
Or he's still alive.
We may never know for certain
because LeMarc was never
captured or photographed,
despite being active
for over 50 years.
Though he left behind
a slew of imitators,
only one is worth mentioning
in the same breath as LeMarc:
The thief we know only
as the Night Fox.
So named for the small onyx
figurines he leaves behind to taunt us,
the Night Fox must be
considered our number one priority.
His string of high-profile
crimes are an embarrassment
to our branch,
to our entire profession.
We need more than
traditional resources
to pursue thieves
like the Night Fox.
We need to train ourselves
to think the way they think,
to see what they see.
And we should not allow
ourselves to be distracted...
[WHISPERS]
I'm sorry.
Someone just robbed
the van der Woude house.
What?
[♪♪♪]
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
Hi, Isabel.
Well, we could really
use your help on this one.
I hope the scene hasn't
been contaminated.
When can I speak
to Mr. van der Woude?
Probably tomorrow.
He's heavily sedated.
We can't figure out how
they disabled the alarm.
They tried to short it out
somehow? We thought that maybe
No, that would have
triggered the system
and damaged the circuits.
PAUL: Well, then. Then I
don't know how they got in.
ISABEL:
They had the code.
Someone other than the
owner must have known it.
Van der Woude swears
that that's impossible.
He programmed the last nine
steps of the system himself.
He set it and he never
left the house again.
[SIGHS]
Closed loop.
Redundant servers.
Titanium encasement.
It's not bad, actually.
MAN:
Yeah. Thanks.
Do we know each other?
Um, I think I saw you yesterday.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, you were being
chased by the police.
Chasing me?
No.
I don't think so.
ISABEL:
I'm quite sure it was you.
RUSTY: Doesn't say
much for the police.
ISABEL:
No, I love Rome.
I mean, I love it.
But there's an opening at work
the level above me, and it's...
I was just thinking today
I was gonna try out for it.
It's in Amsterdam.
My mother has family there,
so it'd be...
It'd be good.
[INAUDIBLE]
RUSTY:
He lifted the whole house?
ISABEL:
The whole house.
RUSTY: The entire house?
ISABEL: The entire house.
It's called
a Schumann Special...
named after this guy,
a brilliant guy, Max Schumann.
Then he did it
in Istanbul in 1973.
PAUL:
What is it?
It's where
the crossbow bolt hit.
The crossbow bolt?
They fired from that rooftop
through this open window.
With a crossbow bolt from
that roof through that window?
That's a very difficult shot.
No, it is an impossible shot...
until they raised the building.
Check the pylons.
They'll be elevated.
You know the name Max Schumann?
Uh, no.
Well, they do.
Who?
The Americans.
[♪♪♪]
ISABEL:
Wait a minute.
Exactly. Why would
they bring the drill
if they weren't
planning to use it?
What?
Oh, God.
Oh.
What?
I don't know.
MAN [OVER SPEAKER]:
Congratulations.
You are the second person
to crack the van der Woude
safe tonight.
In arriving second, Mr. Ocean,
you have joined a long line
of people who have
worked very hard
and risked a great deal
only to get somewhere second.
You don't know
any of these people
by name, of course,
because they enter oblivion.
You know this word, "oblivion"?
It means to be totally
forgotten by everyone forever.
And it's where you would be now
if it weren't
for the Bellagio heist.
How does this guy
know who the hell we are?
In a way, I'm responsible for you
coming to Amsterdam in the first place.
I hired Matsui,
and Matsui hired you.
That's the guy
who dimed us to Benedict.
All of 'em, including Ocean.
MAN [OVER PHONE]:
Yes.
I find that hard to believe.
And you are?
You can call me the Night Fox.
The Night Fox.
Okay, Mr. Night Fox.
What's this information
gonna cost me?
Don't worry. Nothing.
Nothing? Who do you think
you're dealing with?
Nothing costs nothing.
And this information is
definitely worth something.
Let's just say our interests
are temporarily aligned.
How so?
Well, the information is free,
but it comes
with certain conditions.
Such as?
Restraint on your part.
Restraint?
That's asking a lot.
What else?
They get two weeks to
buy themselves out of trouble.
Two weeks?
I can live with that,
even if they can't.
Just out of curiosity...
what will you make them pay?
For letting them live?
Everything they stole,
plus interest.
A lot of interest.
But didn't your insurance
cover what was stolen?
Of course.
So you're asking them
to double your money?
Well, do you really think
that's fair?
Fair? I certainly
hope not.
So, what about the information?
Okay.
It's on your desk.
ISABEL:
He was here.
Around 3:30 this morning.
I can tell.
Who?
The Night Fox.
Go down to the Dampkring and
pick up a guy called Matsui.
Real name, Ian Nicolas McNally.
PAUL: The Night Fox was here at
the same time as the Americans?
Why?
ISABEL: That's what
we're gonna find out.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
What is he doing?
Get him out of there.
God.
[POLICEMEN SPEAKING DUTCH]
[CRYING]
Hello, Frank.
LINUS: I just can't understand
what it is we did to this guy.
I mean, why does he have it out
for us like this?
LIVINGSTON: And
how did he get that code?
DANNY: It doesn't matter. He broke
rule number one. He's on the list.
VIRGIL:
Oh, great time for a turf war.
RUSTY: I just spoke with
Frank's associate in Dublin.
She's gonna try to get us
a name on this guy.
In the meantime, our train
leaves tomorrow at 1:38, okay?
TURK: Where is Frank?
RUSTY: I don't know.
BASHER:
It's gonna get out.
Then we'll be dead, and no one
will wanna work with us.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
WOMAN:
Housekeeping.
Turndown service
for Mr. Ryan.
Hi.
Nice room.
You have it all to yourself?
You're here to take me in?
Why... Why would I
do that?
It's not as if
you stole something.
It's nice to see you again,
Robert.
You too.
Of course, you've been seeing
plenty of me, haven't you?
I like this one.
I call it
"thief à la mode."
Schumann Special, huh?
I guess that's what I get
for opening my mouth.
So, what about the Night Fox?
Did he leave you a message?
What about the figurine?
You still have it?
I suppose it's a compliment
in a way.
I guess he's threatened by you,
though I can't imagine why.
You have no idea
what you're up against.
The French police think
he's better than LeMarc.
Well, he is French.
Let me give you some advice.
Find out how you offended him.
Apologize.
Beg for mercy.
Got to go.
Oh... any message
for Frank?
He's been
hanging around the station.
On what charge?
Well, we found a print
of a size 14 Hi-Tec Magnum
boot at the crime scene.
And?
Bought with a fraudulent
credit card.
From that point on,
well, there's only one,
maybe two great nail salons
in Amsterdam.
[SPEAKING CHINESE]
And you lied to us.
Yeah, and to me.
Uh...
Well... Frank knew.
Frank knew you were in touch?
I wasn't in touch.
I was more, like, keeping tabs.
She's a cop!
Detective, actually.
TURK: Where'd she learn
all that Schumann crap?
Dad.
VIRGIL: What, he was a cop?
Thief.
LINUS: Oh, God. Was he good?
Oh, yeah.
BASHER:
Great. Pissed off ex-girlfriend
whose thief father taught her
every trick in the book.
Well, she just made
Danny and Yen,
which means in the next 48
hours, the three of your pictures
are gonna be in every
police station in Europe.
REUBEN: Nobody looks at them.
DANNY: Nobody but cops.
Detectives.
You'd think she'd have a little
sympathy for us if her old man was a thief.
S-sympathy or empathy?
No, her old man got popped the
day before her 9th birthday in Russia.
Died in jail.
So I wouldn't count
on much sympathy.
Or empathy.
She's gonna have the hotel
under surveillance.
Great. So we'll just eat
room service, watch movies
and wait for Benedict
to show up and kill us.
Who's the guy on the $100 bill?
LINUS: Adams.
DANNY: John Travolta.
Yeah, he said every problem
is an opportunity in disguise.
Yeah, I bet he couldn't say that
with a .45 in his mouth.
No, guys, you're missing
the silver lining here.
Now, she gave us a name,
didn't she? Mm-hmm.
The Night Fox.
One phone call, we're gonna find out
everything there is to know about this guy.
[♪♪♪]
The name is M. Diaz.
D-I-A-Z.
It's a black duffel bag.
Mm-hm.
The team's in Rotterdam.
The bag's in Brussels.
He's the modern man:
disconnected, frightened,
paranoid, but with good reason.
It's too sad
to be funny. Unusable.
I think I can get a good
20 minutes out of it.
Great.
I got it.
The team's in Barcelona.
The bag's in Madrid.
That's ridiculous. This is a moral
issue we're dealing with here.
Not to mention, we don't
have a grease man anymore,
because he's in a bag
somewhere. We don't know.
We got a bag man.
Such an ape. An animal
with no feelings you are.
I have feelings.
No, you don't.
Look. Yeah, I do.
I feel bad for the guy.
He's a human being in a piece
of luggage. But he's got water.
He's got air. What did
you want them to do?
Gotten off the bus. And pick
up the bag with our friend in it.
How many pro soccer teams you
know that are fielding 50-year-old men?
Rusty's not 50 years old.
Yeah, dude, we know
Rusty's not 50.
You think I'm 50 years old?
Let me ask you something.
No, wait,
let me ask you something.
How old do you think I am?
Forty-eight.
You think I'm 48 years old?
Fifty-two?
Maybe he should've asked me.
Nobody should ever
ask you anything.
life right now? That guy
doesn't have a hard enough
You gotta...
with the... Eeh!
You're gonna defend him?
They put Yen in a handbag.
Hey, can I ask you
something? You ever notice...
If you're gonna ask me a
question, give me time to respond,
rhetorically, in which case the answer
is obvious: yes. unless you're asking
Okay, can I ask...?
Yes.
Thanks. You ever notice
that Tess looks exactly...?
Ooh, don't ever ask that,
ever. Seriously.
Not to anyone.
Especially not to her.
Wait. Why not?
Look...
it's not in my nature
to be mysterious,
but I can't talk about it,
and I can't talk about why.
Oooh.
Can I ask you...?
Do I look 50 to you?
Yeah.
Really?
Well, I mean, you know,
only from the neck up.
Mm-hm.
[♪♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE]
WOMAN:
Saul?
What's the matter?
Nothing.
You wanna go out?
It's nice.
No.
You wanna watch something?
The game's on.
No, no.
[SIGHS]
You hungry?
I'll heat something up.
No.
Saul... ever since
you got back,
you've been acting strange.
What did Danny want?
Nothing.
Nothing?
[SCOFFS]
How could he want nothing?
[♪♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE CHATTER]
[APPLAUSE]
DANNY: Alright, the Night Fox
has a name, Francois Toulour.
Baron Francois Toulour.
Father was
a French industrialist,
mother was Italian nobility.
He never met her,
but he inherited her title.
The bad news is he's rich,
he's bored and he's talented.
The really bad news is
he was trained by LeMarc.
LINUS: What?
VIRGIL: Oh, no.
LIVINGSTON: This is not good.
LINUS: With the
LeMarc? Gaspar LeMarc?
DANNY:
That's the one.
VIRGIL:
Well, we're doomed.
TURK: No, we're not doomed. Come
on, he's one guy and he's French.
BASHER: Yeah. Before
we get too impressed by
this geezer's background, let's
hear what he's actually done.
DANNY:
He started in the early '90s.
Bank of Geneva,
the Danish Treasury,
the Bank of Italy, AMC Amro,
the Brussels Diamond Exchange,
the Antwerp Diamond Exchange.
LINUS: Wait, wait.
All those in the 1990s?
DANNY:
I'm only up to '96.
LINUS:
Seriously?
In '97, he went through
an art phase. DANNY:
the Louvre in Paris, twice, and
the Prado. He hit the Tate in London,
LINUS:
Wait. No, no, hang on.
The Prado Museum in '97?
That was Moretti.
Everybody knows that...
DANNY: He is Moretti.
It's one of his aliases.
[YEN SPEAKS CHINESE]
DANNY: Okay, in the interest
of time, I'll skip to my favorite.
The King of Morocco's
200-foot yacht. In 2002, he stole
Vanished into thin air.
Crew surfaced a few days later
in a life raft.
Couldn't remember a thing.
TURK: How do you
hide a 200-foot yacht?
DANNY: If the king
knows, he's not telling.
He got it back a month later.
He now plays tennis
with Toulour every weekend.
LINUS: We're in some
serious trouble here, aren't we?
BASHER:
Copy that.
LINUS: So what do we do?
DANNY: We respond.
LINUS:
Respond? How?
DANNY:
In kind.
[SONG LYRICS IN FRENCH]
[MAN SPEAKS FRENCH]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Mr. Ocean.
You broke rule number one,
and that has consequences.
Oh, you must be talking
about the paintings.
Don't worry.
You'll be dead in five days,
and I'll get my paintings back.
Unless you have
an accident first.
I don't think so, Daniel.
To you why I'm tormenting you
like this. Perhaps I should explain
I'd like that.
Mm-hm.
Well, you see, last month I
was in Portugal to see my mentor.
LeMarc.
Indeed.
A very loud and annoying
American businessman
was there the same day.
He worked for a
big insurance company.
He's the one who suggested
Benedict to you
as a potential mark.
You know the man?
DANNY:
What about him?
TOULOUR: Well, he said it was
the most beautiful job he'd ever seen.
And he went on and on about
this job. And then he said...
[TOULOUR CHUCKLES]
the greatest thief in the
world... it showed you were
But the worst part is that
LeMarc never corrected him.
I told LeMarc that
you can't be better than me.
And he answered that it was
impossible to know for sure.
So I thought
about that for, like,
three weeks in a row,
day and night.
And then suddenly,
I realized that...
he was actually right.
It is impossible to compare
one theft to the other.
Huh?
So... I guess
the only way to know
who's the best of us for sure
is to go after the same object.
Do the same job.
Don't you think...
that would be fun?
You're being awfully cavalier
with a lot of people's lives
so you can play out a game.
You're gonna regret it.
Oh, come on, Mr. Ocean.
How are you gonna possibly get
$97 million by next Wednesday?
Especially if
every safe you crack
between now and then
is already empty?
Whereas if you accept
my challenge and win,
I promise I'll pay
your debt to Benedict.
And LeMarc will hold my
money in escrow as a guarantee.
[♪♪♪]
What are we stealing?
TOULOUR: The famous
Faberge Coronation Egg.
DANNY:
Was that your idea or LeMarc's?
TOULOUR:
Well, I think he would agree
that this is the most appropriate
thing for us to compete over.
DANNY:
Where is it located?
TOULOUR: The egg left Paris
this morning on its way to Rome.
It travels with heavy security
and usually
with one or more replicas.
Sometimes they even show
the replicas
without anybody knowing.
When the egg goes on display
Monday morning,
you'll have 48 hours to steal
it before your deadline's up.
Of course,
when the deadline passes
and you don't have the egg,
LeMarc will know who's the best.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Rusty's phone.
Who is this?
ISABEL:
Nicole. Who's this?
Nagel.
Where's Rusty?
Uh, he said if you called,
to say he was at Gunther's.
Gunther's? What's that about?
Did he say something?
Do you have a message?
Yes, I do.
Tell him this thing is gonna
cost him double what I told him.
And tell him I had to go three
times as thin on the layers.
And tell him
if he wants it tomorrow,
it should cost him
more than double.
And tell him
this thing is beautiful.
Would fool
the bloody Romanovs themselves.
And tell him
I'm being a nice guy.
he dresses like a gigolo.
Is that it?
Yeah. No.
Tell him having
a sexy female assistant
is such a terrible cliché.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
Can I get a coffee or something?
Thanks. Just a
cappuccino or espresso.
Well...
[CARS HONKING HORNS]
MAN: You call me on Saturday
and ask me to come into my office
and sign a 1077,
and you can't even tell me
what they are after?
ISABEL:
I can come to your house.
I'm leaving for Naples
in two hours.
We can talk about this
on Wednesday.
ISABEL:
It will be gone by Wednesday.
MAN: What? What?
What will be gone?
ISABEL: Something
worth signing a 1077 for.
Ryan and his friends did the
Bellagio casino heist in 2001.
I am telling you,
this is serious...
If that's true, then we
should call the American FBI...
No, no, no. Maurizio,
listen to me.
Agent Lahiri, a 1077
is not a small thing.
Unless you can tell me
what they are after,
there is no point
in discussing it.
[♪♪♪]
[THUMPING]
[THUMPING CONTINUES]
[SHOUTS]
Hey...
ISABEL: Because LeMarc stole
it in 1980 when 23 others failed.
Because the Night Fox is trying to prove that
he's better than Robert Ryan and his friends.
This is ridiculous.
You say the egg will be stolen.
Then you say LeMarc already
stole it 24 years ago.
Which one is it?
Both.
What?
LeMarc's wife made him
put the egg back.
When I signed a 1077 for you
on the Bulgari case,
you requisitioned 30 of my men
for three months
and made zero arrests.
I won't do it again.
LIVINGSTON: First things
first, we cannot go at night.
The laser grid in the Great
Hall's impossible to beat.
RUSTY:
Nothing's impossible.
LIVINGSTON:
This is impossible.
It's in constant motion,
and it's programmed
to improvise randomly,
which means we can't
plan our way through it.
RUSTY:
Alright.
So it's a daytime play.
LIVINGSTON: We're still
short three on the inside
since Isabel made you
and Yen and Danny.
We could try
a Smuggler's Paradise.
RUSTY: It hasn't
worked since the '50s.
LIVINGSTON:
'54, actually.
RUSTY:
What's option two?
Baby Jane, Squeaky Wheel, followed
by a Number Two Son. LIVINGSTON:
It's complicated, but it's
got a high success rate.
The only problem is...
RUSTY: We can't do it without a
grease man on the inside, without Yen.
[RUSTY SIGHS]
We'll have to risk it.
We'll put him in disguise.
10:10, I leave the cafe,
proceed west. 10:11?
[YEN SPEAKS CHINESE]
LIVINGSTON: I enter
the second-floor bathroom.
RUSTY:
10:13?
DANNY: Approach the
Spanish Steps from the south.
LINUS: Basher and I enter the
museum by the main entrance.
RUSTY:
10:15?
LIVINGSTON: I help Yen
into the ventilation duct.
RUSTY:
10:18?
VIRGIL: I move Reuben from
the East Wing to the Egg Room.
LINUS: I pause in
the Great Hall while...
BASHER: I go to the Egg Room.
RUSTY: 10:21? Yen
enters the mainframe room.
He cuts power to grid 14-A.
He radios me. I signal Linus.
I then go to the Egg Room.
RUSTY:
10:22?
VIRGIL: I drop my keys and
move Reuben to his mark.
RUSTY: And...?
REUBEN: I blind camera one.
BASHER:
I blind camera two.
VIRGIL: I blind camera three.
LIVINGSTON: I blind camera four.
LINUS:
And I make the switch.
RUSTY:
Right. 10:24?
TURK: I pull to the southwest
corner of the main entrance.
RUSTY: I meet Danny at the
Steps. We head north. 10:25?
LINUS:
Turk and I make the drop.
RUSTY: Alright.
Really good stuff, guys.
Really good work.
Alright, we'll pick it up
here in an hour.
It's a slam dunk.
Great.
10:45, we all
get arrested.
You bet.
How was Toulour?
He was predictable.
You hear from Nagel?
He'll be here.
That's a lot to presume
from a guy like Nagel.
Follow it up.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
This is Isabel.
It's Johan.
I just set a 6:00 meeting
for you with an Andre Ciment
who says he had four paintings
stolen from his house
in Lake Como.
Uh-huh. And when was this?
Sometime Friday.
He's missing two Monets,
a Turner and a Degas.
Which Degas was it?
Blue Dancers.
Supposedly, there's some
surveillance video,
but I haven't been able to
confirm that yet.
NAGEL: It is all
about error correction.
Three thousand separate,
translucent, digital slivers
instead of the 1000
I thought it would be.
Thank God
it doesn't have to move.
Re-creating the lighting
conditions was a pain in the ass
'cause it's a mixture of
tungsten and real light.
But I think the color rendition
is pretty damn accurate.
Batteries are in the base.
Two minutes maximum.
DANNY:
You're good.
RUSTY: It's good,
Roman. You're a genius.
I think I am.
You'd have never
got past that grid.
That's why you're
paying me double.
What? No, no, no.
You got my message.
Who's that sexy phone voice?
Very early Bond.
What message?
NAGEL: The message I left
with Sexy Phone Voice Nicole...
on your mobile.
Got something going
with Gunther? Am I in?
Okay, when did you
leave the message?
Two days ago.
She had your phone.
She has your...?
Yeah.
That means that she's...? Yeah.
Well, you better...
Yeah.
That's great.
I mean...
NAGEL:
So...?
So who's got my money?
Who has got my bloody money?
Jesus.
Sorry to hear about your mom.
She was an amazing...
Well, I thought so, at least.
She hated you.
I should've picked up on that.
She hated all thieves.
No wonder you fought.
Excuse me?
May I have my phone back?
No.
That's a nice pull, by the way.
Thanks.
Did you get that tingling sensation
down your spine when you did it?
Or is that none of my business?
You considered a career change?
Have you?
I tried hotels.
I'm better at this.
Went by the café for some
tiramisu. It wasn't the same.
Who's the Night Fox?
They did something to the eggs.
Why accept his challenge?
Because he'll lose.
And how can you beat him?
We can't.
You're not making any sense.
Okay.
The Bulgari job you pulled with
Frank when we were together...
I knew it was you.
Why didn't you say something?
Why didn't you...
Robert?
I didn't want it to end.
You assumed it would.
Was I wrong?
You shouldn't be here.
I have a meeting.
Someone stole a whole bunch
of paintings in Lake Como.
Interesting.
Any leads?
The next time I see you,
I'm arresting you.
And Ocean. And anybody
else I recognize.
Fair enough.
[♪♪♪]
Ready?
Right.
Bonsoir.
Mademoiselle Lahiri?
Oui.
Andre Ciment, enchanté.
Merci.
S'il vous plaît.
[BOTH SPEAKING FRENCH]
Yes, of course I do.
My Blue Dancers,
my Degas. Mm-hm.
They took it, unfortunately,
and I really would like...
Do you have any enemies?
Anybody out there who
would feel wronged by you?
No. I can't see anyone.
But why? You think...
You think maybe the thief is
trying to harm me personally now?
Well, I assumed he was after
the paintings themselves.
I think it's enough.
Ready?
Good?
I have something you
might be interested in.
The hidden surveillance cameras I
have to my place. It's a DVD with all
It's plenty. I haven't
checked it out yet.
Maybe the thieves have been
careless enough to be photographed.
I doubt it, this level of thief,
but I'll take a look.
Yeah.
You never know.
Okay. Well, merci.
Merci, merci.
[SPEAKS IN FRENCH]
Thank you, Mademoiselle Lahiri.
Thank you again for everything.
[SPEAKS IN FRENCH]
Thank you.
Goodbye. Goodbye...
Mademoiselle Lahiri.
ISABEL: Did you get the
faxed copy of the 1077?
Good.
Here's what I need: a dozen...
Twelve uniformed officers.
Metal detectors, extra cameras.
So I'll e-mail you
the photographs.
Do you happen to have a pen?
I'll just give you
the names. Okay.
Livingston Dell, male,
Caucasian, 5'6", 150 pounds.
Virgil Malloy, male, Caucasian,
5'10", 160 pounds.
Robert Ryan, male, Caucasian...
[PHONE RINGS]
DANNY:
Hello?
MAN [OVER PHONE]:
Buon giorno, Mr. Eisenhower.
This is your 5 a.m.
wake-up call.
Really?
Yes, I'm afraid.
Have a nice day, sir.
Hey.
What are you doing?
What...? Sleeping.
Why are you dressed?
It's 5:30, day of.
We gotta go. Let's go.
It's 11:30...
the night before.
Oh.
But...
Oh, he's mean.
He's just mean-spirited.
Alright, how many
espressos did you have?
Five.
Yeah, come on.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
I don't know
if she's just confused
or she's really turned
the corner and hates me now.
You think I handled this wrong?
I was. I was too forceful.
I was too American.
She's different.
Maybe you're right,
maybe she has moved on.
You know, I talked to a doctor
about getting that tattoo removed.
But given its location,
he advised against it.
That guy doing Potsie
is unbelievable.
[♪♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
BASHER: I mean,
what's this guy's problem?
He's stitched us up twice
in two weeks, all over his ego.
TURK: It's the first decent
evening we've had together
in I don't even know how long.
Alright, alright, let's
just stay on point here.
Go over the list again.
Who died and made you Danny?
No one.
[SIGHS]
I'm sorry, man.
I'm like, my emotions
are all over the place.
I was just really forceful,
'cause I was trying
to show good leadership...
Let's go! You're a good
leader. Oh, for fuck's sake.
Thanks.
Um, alright, well, let's
go over the list again.
Swinging Priest?
Not enough people.
Crazy Larry?
The Soft Shoulder?
Not enough people.
Baker's Dozen?
No woman and not enough people.
Hell in a Handbasket?
We can't train a cat
that quickly. And...
ALL:
...not enough people.
[SIGHS]
What about Tess?
What about her?
Well, you know how she
kind of looks like...
So what? Yeah,
what's your point?
So we do a Lookie-loo.
It's actually a Lookie-loo
with a Bundle of Joy.
A Lookie-loo with Tess...
and a Bundle of Joy? Yeah.
You've gone right out of
your tree, my son. He's mad.
It's madness. Yeah, It's crazy.
It's Italian-television crazy,
and we're still one short.
Well, no, think about it.
She can get near the egg
during daylight hours
with at least half
the system shut down.
I mean, that's a trifecta.
He might be right.
Make the calls.
TESS:
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Linus Caldwell, junior varsity, you
are not following any of the procedures
that Danny and I have talked
about if Terry Benedict shows up,
which means something
is wrong. What is wrong?
Danny's fine. He's with Rusty.
During this part of the plan,
they can't communicate with us.
Promise he isn't hurt.
I promise he isn't hurt.
You're gonna miss the deadline,
aren't you?
I know Danny would be thrilled
if you were here
to meet him in Rome
when the job is finished.
He misses you like crazy.
Plus, you studied art, so I know
how much you must love Rome.
There's no downside here.
Wow, they're bringing you
along fast, aren't they?
Yes, they are.
And Danny would be
even more thrilled
if you were on the 7 p.m.
out of JFK,
which means you have to leave
right now.
I thought I'd
requested a midsize.
Danny here?
Uh, he wanted to be.
LINUS:
So, did you have a nice flight?
We weren't quite sure if you
were a window or aisle person.
How long's Danny been in jail?
Just a couple of days, really.
LINUS: Which, you
know, on the bright side,
he's completely safe
from Benedict.
He told me everything
was fine. He lied right to me.
Well, what I think he meant by
"fine" is that we're running low on time
and money and, you know, we're
deeper in debt than when we started.
I assume that you have some
kind of a plan to get him out.
Actually, she sounds like her.
No, she needs a Southern accent.
Can you do a Southern
acc... She's from the South.
What the hell is going
on with you guys?
BASHER: No, that's not quite
on. See, the accent is crucial.
It's the first thing
people notice.
This ridiculous car,
what is it doing?
Okay, okay, I'm sorry. Alright,
I'm just gonna level with you.
Due to certain personnel...
[SIGHS]
losses that we have sustained...
we're just... Various
readjustments had to be made.
You're gonna have to play
a small role in this thing.
Okay? So can you
put these on?
I'd like you to put this hat on.
You're gonna put on that
and you're gonna
stuff it with that.
And we'll turn around.
Just give you a little moment.
Small role.
Who am I supposed to be?
Well...
Oh. Oh, really?
Well, absolutely.
Um...
I can have... We can make
the suite available.
No, no, no.
No trouble at all.
I mean, we would love...
We are honored that
she would think of us again.
Okay.
Okay. Thank you.
Bye.
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
[PEOPLE SHOUTING, CLAMORING]
How is this going
to get Danny out?!
We needed someone famous!
Why didn't you
get someone famous?
Just think Four Weddings
and a Funeral.
She wasn't in
Four Weddings and a Funeral.
"I." "I wasn't in
Four Weddings and a Funeral."
Just protect your fake baby.
Ahh!
Oh, my God.
I'm hyperventilating.
Welcome back, Signora Roberts.
Thank you. She's very tired.
Thank you.
[SNEEZING]
Take it.
Okay.
Oh. Oh, let's hide.
Let's hide.
Julia?
My name is Teresa.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
I just thought I saw a friend of
mine, that's all. Someone that I know.
No, no, absolutely not. You
can't turn off the pressure sensors.
No.
Well, she can't touch it.
She's a movie star. She's not
the pope, for chrissake.
Smyrna, Georgia. You were
born in 1967. Okay, you're from
You like croquet and knitting.
Your middle name is Fiona.
You've got 10 dogs,
you've got seven horses.
Now, your favorite
color is peach.
She doesn't have
more horses than dogs.
Listen to me, all of you.
I can't do this. I just can't.
Tess, we're out of time.
"Julia," please.
Right. Julia.
No, we understand you're
feeling a little insecure.
That is totally natural.
That's good, actually.
Because you're playing an
actress. They're all insecure.
No, I'm not insecure.
I'm freaking out!
That's right! Brilliant! Yes.
Now you're playing a role.
No, you're playing a role.
I'm apparently playing
a real person. Yeah, so?
It's just wrong!
You mean, like...
morally?
No.
Well, yes.
Probably... I don't
know. It's not the point.
The point is
you want me to speak
for someone who's out there
somewhere. It's too personal.
More personal than your
husband doing 25 to life?
He will not do 25 to life.
Benedict will have him
killed immediately.
Don't. I'm sorry,
that was stupid.
We're gonna be in and out
of there in 10 minutes.
We have to be.
That's our time frame.
You don't even have to
talk, if you don't want to.
You just... Give 'em a big
smile, you wave at the cameras.
That's all she ever does.
But if you do say something,
don't forget your accent.
Alright? Drop your
G's, and longer vowels.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
MAN:
Room service.
Listen, it's gonna be fine.
You've gotta remember something.
You are an image to these
people. You're like an object.
You know, nobody
actually knows you.
The last thing in the world
this is gonna be is personal.
[SCREAMS]
[LAUGHING]
[LAUGHS]
Aren't you like a week overdue?
Why are you in Rome?
Well, I'm here on vacation.
I love you!
You are not supposed to fly
after you're eight months pregnant.
I know.
Is Danny here?
Of course.
Danny!
No, no, I mean, he
has... He's working?
Yes. Yes and no.
He's working.
In Rome?
Bruce. Glen Snackwell,
publicity.
Hey, Glen.
I'm a big fan.
Thanks. Great.
You fired Marcy?
You fired Marcy.
Two weeks ago, in Taos, you
told me I should go with Marcy.
I'm sorry.
Tell him what happened
with Marcy, Glen.
There's a story? Yeah.
Always a story with Marcy.
Marcy... Marcy...
You look fantastic.
Thanks. Such a surprise.
BRUCE: You should sit down.
I'm with the studio. Marcy's
still very much in the picture, sir.
I just wanted to get
you for a second.
We're looking to come off
this baby thing strong.
You know, that little
statue on the mantle
starts smirking at you
after a while.
You know what I'm saying?
Not really, Glen, no.
Yeah.
Sorry. Yeah.
Hey, Jules, that
reminds me... Yes!
...you know, I've been
meaning to call you
since the last time the girls
and I were down in Taos.
Oh, it's so good to see you.
Come here.
These are a mess.
Her SpongeBob blanket in the
red casita. Anyway, Tallulah left
Okay.
So, what I wanna do... Here.
Oh, thank you.
You're welcome.
Thanks, Bruce.
Is call Marcus and have him
get ahold of Louise
so we can make arrangements to
send someone down there to get it.
He's home now, right?
Oh!
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Marcus... You know, I
need to talk to Marcus.
That's so funny.
What a coincidence.
Go ahead. Talk to him.
Tell Mike I said hello.
Probably over by the window,
with the reception.
WOMAN [OVER PHONE]:
Hello?
Hello, Marcus?
No, it's Julia.
Who's this?
She's medicated right now.
It's... It's Julia.
I'm with Bruce Willis.
You're with Bruce right now?
Could I speak with him?
Oh, yes, Tallulah's SpongeBob.
I'm sorry, can I just
talk to him for a sec?
BRUCE:
Did it drop out?
TESS:
Yes, it fell out.
That's been happening all week.
MAN [GERMAN ACCENT]:
Put that phone away right now.
BRUCE:
What?
Hang it up and put it away.
Do you have any idea how
vulnerable a fetus's brain is
to the electromagnetic field
created by your cell phone?
You might as well point
a gun at her stomach.
I'm Bruce Willis.
SAUL:
Simon Leopold.
I am Julia's physician.
LINUS:
He's a doctor.
What happened to
Dr. Webber?
Oh! Ow!
You know, Doc...?
He was, uh, sick.
Dr. Webber
is on vacation.
Well, he's sick.
He's sick on vacation.
Sick on vacation.
Don't you hate that?
I'm sorry to have
jumped on you, Mr. Willis.
You do very good actings.
Very good actings.
Thank you.
Snackbar.
Snackwell.
It doesn't matter. If we are to
get there at 4:00 and do that...
REUBEN: I say 50-50.
RUSTY: Closer than that.
LIVINGSTON: 2-1 they
don't make it to the museum.
VIRGIL: 5-1 they don't
make it to the Egg Room.
[YEN SPEAKS CHINESE]
DANNY:
What?
[YEN SPEAKS CHINESE]
DANNY:
She's still my wife.
VIRGIL: She's a novice.
You said so yourself.
LIVINGSTON:
Led by an apprentice.
RUSTY:
Being tracked by a pro.
You want her to win.
Which her?
You know which her.
The one that
started all this. Right.
Good, 'cause
for a minute there...
Why would I say that?
It's not her fault.
It wasn't.
Okay, then.
Good.
REUBEN:
I'm confused.
VIRGIL: Yeah, who
are you talking about?
Isabel.
Tess.
[CROWD CHEERS, APPLAUDS]
LINUS: No, I loved
it, but I figured it out.
Well, not a lot of people did.
That's pretty amazing. BRUCE:
LINUS: The second she doesn't
talk to you in the restaurant, I knew...
BRUCE:
You figured that out, huh?
LINUS: Yeah, I mean, the
movie still totally works for me.
Great.
Can we ju...?
Does she really need to be
rushing this quickly?
She's practically jogging.
In Thailand, mothers routinely
give birth in rice paddies
and then go right back to work.
Amazing women over there.
BRUCE: Rice paddy?
SAUL: No, she will not
have it in a rice paddy.
She'll be at her own paddy.
And she will be very comfortable
because she will be strong from
this walk and this exercise.
[♪♪♪]
[GROANS]
Was she worth it?
Was Tess?
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
The moment that
she doesn't talk to you
in the restaurant...
I knew.
BRUCE: Your friends
didn't tell you what it was?
MUSEUM DIRECTOR:
No.
BRUCE: That's when
you figured it out, huh?
MUSEUM DIRECTOR: Yeah. But the
movie was still very enjoyable for me.
BRUCE:
Okay. Thanks.
If everybody's
so freaking smart,
how come the movie did
$675 million worldwide...
theatrical?
Oh, uh...
Julia.
Doctor!
Doctor, you might wanna
call the rice paddy now.
SAUL: Get some
water. Get that chair!
Seal off the museum.
Nobody in or out.
[EVERYONE TALKS AT ONCE]
SAUL:
Bring... Bring it, bring it.
LINUS:
Quickly, quickly.
Sit her down.
SAUL: Everybody just relax.
Can you hear me, J-Mo?
Talk to me.
SAUL:
She is fine.
She's good? Okay, that's it.
We're done here.
No more pictures.
LINUS: Thank you, Bruce Willis.
SAUL: Just don't worry.
Thank you, museum.
We are code four. LINUS:
SAUL: Just walk
slowly, like you're doing.
LINUS: We'll get you into
the car as fast as we can.
Okay, we're not stopping.
Don't stop.
ISABEL: Hello.
LINUS: We're on our way out.
Isabel Lahiri,
I'm with the museum.
Hello.
As a consultant.
It is so great to meet you.
We're very late.
I'm sorry, this won't take long.
I don't wanna be
an annoying fan,
but my boyfriend
is such a huge fan.
I can't let you leave unless
you sign something for him.
Would you mind?
LINUS:
That's very unorthodox.
I'm sorry, it won't take long.
What's his name?
His name's Robert.
Oh, aren't you a lefty?
I thought you were a lefty.
She is a lefty.
Often pregnant women
become ambidextrous.
You are a big fan.
LINUS: She doesn't
necessarily have to sign lefty.
Oh, thanks so much.
This is great.
LINUS: Okay. We're on the move.
Thank you. You take care now.
And one more thing.
I just got off the phone
with someone called Marcy
who just put you on a plane
from Taos, New Mexico,
to L.A.,
where you have
a 1:00 meeting
about a film,
Clowns Can't Sleep.
Anyway, she just wanted me
to let you know
that everyone's running
a little late,
and was wondering if you could
make it at 1:30 instead.
BRUCE:
I knew it.
Shame on you.
[♪♪♪]
I don't think we've met.
Bruce.
Isabel Lahiri.
Nice to meet you.
Do you really have a boyfriend?
Or were you just...?
Was that just part
of the whole thing with them?
So... how'd it go?
Ah-ha.
You Lahiri?
I'm Section Chief Molly Starr.
I spoke to a very nice man at Europol
this morning, Commissioner Greisman.
He wants you on the
next flight to Amsterdam.
There seems to be some
irregularity with your paperwork.
Commisario.
That one.
Let's start with that one.
STARR:
Imagine yourself in a room...
that's too short
for you to stand up in
and not wide enough
for you to lie down in.
A room with no light,
no heat and stone walls
scratched by the teeth
and nails of desperate men,
men driven crazy by isolation.
You will have rats
for company and a small window
that looks out on the world
that has passed you by.
Your parents will grow old
and die, just like your dreams.
Your friends will
forget your name.
Tell your stories as their own
because what good is a story
when the person
who owns it has vanished?
What do you want?
Testify against the others
in the Benedict case.
[SCOFFS]
The Italian charges
will be dropped.
You and the others will be
extradited to the U.S. this afternoon.
Plead, and you walk,
with parole.
I can't.
Think about it... Linus.
For a moment there, I was
already forgetting your name.
[KNOCKS]
Wait.
Just hang on a sec.
[♪♪♪]
Linus.
Right. Thanks.
You okay?
[SCOFFS]
Well, I blew the meet
with Matsui.
Matsui?
Let me guess. He pulled
a Lost in Translation on you.
That's his idea of fun
for first-timers.
I mean...
How do I not see these things?
Don't get down on yourself.
Totally obvious.
We talked about this.
I hope Danny and Rusty
appreciate
the great job you did
in a tight jam.
I am really proud of you.
Thanks.
We both are.
You...? You told Dad?
I had to, sweetheart.
You told Dad?
We were on vacation.
I'm sorry.
Great.
Thanks.
You're gonna be dining out
on this one for months.
"Hey, remember the time your mom
had to come to Rome..."
Blah-blah-blah.
I'm sorry.
Every time with him.
It's like...
It's like a...
That was for keeping
me in the dark. Ow! Ow!
And that... That...
Ow!
...is for making me
a master thief.
And that...
Okay. Ow!
...is for ruining our
second third anniversary.
Okay. Okay?
Come here.
Mmm.
I'm sorry I kept you
in the dark.
I'm sorry that
I made you a thief.
Master.
Master thief.
And I'm very sorry that I ruined
our second third anniversary.
Okay?
Okay.
You forgive me?
A little.
Alright.
What was Bruce Willis like?
Was he...? Ow!
ISABEL:
Uh, follow it!
That's... That's Ryan's car.
Follow that one.
Hey, wait, wait, wait!
What the hell is going on?
Your father's alive, Izzy.
Oh.
Your mom lied to you
to keep you from him.
He's alive.
What are you talking about?
When they divorced, she told
him if he ever tried to contact you,
she was going to the cops with
everything they needed to put him in jail.
How do you know that?
And why should I believe you?
I don't believe you, okay?
You know where he is?
I know somebody who does.
There's nothing back there
but a forged 1077.
[♪♪♪]
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
No. Really? No.
No.
That'd be horrible.
It's hard, you know,
for dinners.
Well, you must have
very good contacts.
I hear it usually takes days
to buy your way out.
Tess, this is François Toulour.
Madame Ocean, at last.
Enchanté.
Hello.
He's French.
TOULOUR: Shouldn't you be
somewhere else by now, like, uh...
Outer Mongolia, maybe?
[CHUCKLES]
Well, before we get to that,
we just wanted to ask you
one question.
TOULOUR: What is that?
How'd you do it?
TOULOUR: Oh, so that's why
you came. You wanna know.
Well, I guess that's normal.
But I got another deal for you.
You both recognize
that I'm the best,
and I'll tell you my secret.
Hm?
Wow.
Yeah.
That, um...
Hm?
Yeah.
[WHISPERS] Make it
if you get him to tell us,
and tell him
that he is the best.
Oh, okay.
I'm not gonna tell him
because you're the best.
Alright.
Thank you.
Um...
alright.
We'll tell you you're the best
after you tell us
how you did it.
Um...
mais...
how can I refuse
a dying man's last request?
[♪♪♪]
The egg arrived in Rome
at 6:45 p.m.
the Saturday before
it went on display.
It was at the museum by 8 p.m.
DANNY: Wait a minute, hold on.
You stole it that evening? With the
museum locked down for the night?
How'd you even
get in the building?
How'd you get past
the ground sensors?
And why didn't my recon team
see you?
VIRGIL: Don't touch my
thing. Get your hand off of it.
TURK: I didn't touch your
thing. Like it works anyway.
VIRGIL:
You got greasy hands,
and you just
put them on the lens.
And now I can't see. TURK:
You can't see anything.
VIRGIL: I see you, and
you look like a retard.
You look like a retard.
I'll pay you a million dollars
if you don't speak for a month.
One month.
A million dollars.
I wanna eat your whole head.
Go ahead.
A million dollars.
No joke.
Right. With no equipment,
no rope.
TOULOUR:
Well, of course.
Come on, don't tell me
you don't know how to do that.
How did you get by the laser
field in the Great Hall?
Ah-ha.
The laser fields.
Well...
[♪♪♪]
Okay. Toulour,
you're the best.
Well, thank you, Danny.
[LAUGHS]
Good. Now, if you can just
get us our money, we'll be going.
Mmm.
The money?
Mm-hm.
What money?
The money that you agreed
to pay Benedict if we won.
We're under a deadline.
No, no, no, no,
you don't understand.
You didn't win.
You lost.
And not only did you lose,
your whole entire crew
got pinched.
By the way, I gotta
tell you something.
You don't look
anything like her.
Eventually, the nose,
but the ears...
I mean, the way you walk
and you dress...
[LAUGHS]
That means that
you spoke to LeMarc.
You spoke to LeMarc?
MAN: Since I'm dead,
I think my involvement
in this matter should stay
among the three of us.
Of course.
Absolutely.
It's ironic that the solution
to all of our problems
will be provided by Toulour.
I'm sure I provoked him
by agreeing
with my American friend that
you might be better than him.
I apologize sincerely for
the trouble I've caused you.
There's no need.
Especially now.
Remember,
from the time you see Toulour
at his villa...
and the challenge begins,
you must assume he will have you
under surveillance
everywhere you go.
You will have to put on
a very elaborate show.
The egg, the real egg...
will be carried in a backpack
on a train leaving
Gare du Nord at 9:30 a.m.
Thank you.
You saved our lives, Gaspar.
Yeah. And I'm still
getting the better of you.
[♪♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE]
And, uh...
And I stole a replica?
Your paintings are in a
high-security warehouse in Milan.
It's 17 Via Andreotti, unit 222.
Security code is 2-3-1-1-6...
6-4-6. Thank you.
Well, listen,
all games aside, that was...
That was very good.
That was good.
How'd you do that?
Well... I told you
one story tonight.
I think that'll be enough.
So now if you, both of you,
could please...
Now.
[♪♪♪]
Okay.
[SINGING IN ITALIAN]
ISABEL: Whose house is this?
RUSTY: It belongs to
a thief I know in Paris.
He knows my father?
Probably better than anyone.
Who is he?
He helped with the whole
Night Fox thing.
What's his name?
His real name?
I don't know, actually.
I've only known him as LeMarc.
LeMarc?
Oh, my God.
Where the hell have you been?
Waiting.
For what?
For this.
Oh, my God.
[SOBS]
TERRY:
So, we done?
REUBEN:
Issue closed.
Is it actually good?
REUBEN:
It's good. Trust me.
I don't trust you, Reuben,
and I don't trust Ocean.
If it's good, we're done.
These grudges, they're awful.
Nobody wins.
Danny's had enough
of this meshugaas.
And the competition,
it's worse than our business.
Always some new young punk
trying to prove himself.
Guys like Ocean,
they keep coming back.
They don't like to lose.
Too much ego, too much pride.
Maybe for some guys,
but not Danny.
You can trust me on that.
Actually, Danny don't feel like
he lost in all this.
It's hard to believe, but, uh,
that's how he feels.
Well, if he tries anything...
If anybody tries anything...
I'll be waiting.
Terry, I can't predict
the future.
I pay professionals to do that,
and even they get it
wrong sometimes.
I can't say that nobody's ever
gonna try to rob from you again.
But I can say this:
If, God forbid,
anything does happen to you,
we will not be involved.
BENEDICT: You better not
be, Reuben. You better not be.
[♪♪♪]
[SPEAKING IN CHINESE]
Hey.
TURK:
Good to see you guys.
Hey.
TESS:
You don't remember?
You put me through hell,
and you don't remember?
[LAUGHS]
Hey.
You're more beautiful than ever.
SAUL: Five-oh-five?
VIRGIL: Four-oh-five.
TESS: Who's winning?
REUBEN: I'm... I'm little.
SAUL: And you're big.
DANNY: You're big?
FRANK:
Oh, my God.
LIVINGSTON: Hello.
LINUS: Oh, my God.
You're all under arrest.
[OTHERS LAUGH]
You're thieves.
You're crooks.
Isabel, Livingston Dell.
Yes, we did.
RUSTY:
Isabel, Tess.
The adult table.
That's the kids' table.
LIVINGSTON:
Let me we clear that for you.
I'm in.
REUBEN: Can I get another beer?
I feel I know you.
We didn't... We didn't
bet. Wait, wait, wait.
DANNY:
You want five?
Five.
So nasty.
Okay.
You had to do that.
Yes.
[SHRIEKS]
LINUS: Jesus Christ.
VIRGIL: She's drunk!
[♪♪♪]